then you will have what you think about it separately
how do you make it into us one
but then it hides and produces not a project
read
here's what I wanted to be wind
carry thoughts
give voice to those who can't find one yet
time with the soul at the end
other faces other languages other stories
but my land was joined by a poem
late 19th century English on lawn
my city here too, how strange but
maybe it was a sign
I wanted that book but someone had me
social
no
a writer who was working on one
script on the grass sack of
back home again at work but col
always thinking of that tragic summer
of 1512 to the responsibilities of the
family doctors and the republic
Florentine
to the never-dormant rivalries seemed to me
even to hear the voices of the
victims from every corner of the city
ancient from the beautiful churches embroidered from the
green serpentine marble where it was sought
uselessly shelter from the homicidal fury
of its stable data 5,000 perhaps 6,000
the victims to bloodless citizens
innocent poured between these caskets
art full of hidden treasures treasures a
sometimes exhibited the city walls that
they became a death trap
but some say that things did not go
just like that
only these ancient stones know the
truth I wait for you in the meadow p